Your job is to play around
with the number of columns or
the size of columns and
just get a feel for it.
And we are accidentally going to stumble
upon a problem that we will deal with as
you solve this that we'll then like,
it's called a segue.
We can play around with this a little bit,
and what we can do is we can go ahead,
and actually playing with
the columns is not that hard.
And the nice part is you can see how many
you can have, like an egregious number.
But the more interesting part is,
actually 5 looks kinda cool.
The interesting part is
the breaking of the columns.
Now to be clear, if I was thinking about
a newspaper, like a New York Times
kinda thing, this is actually
the effect that you would want, right?
Especially maybe two, maybe three columns,
and it's flowing text,
that's actually what you would want but
maybe not always, right?
So there are ways to handle this, and
this is one of those things where,
if this was one component,
my life would be a lot easier.
You think that I'm joking,
it's in the docs,
they have a GIF of multi-cursors.
Now, luckily,
I am very good at multi-cursors.
The only thing that makes me a 10x
developer is 10 cursors at the same time.
Actually in TextMate, which is this
text editor that nobody uses anymore,
I'm wicked fast at doing my insane stuff,
very quickly for
reasons that I don't totally understand.
Cool, so there's a bunch of
different options in here.
We can kinda take a look
at what some of them are.
And most of them seem
pretty straightforward,
I really wish that as I hovered over them,
they would apply but, they do.
Yeah, look at that, so
we have break-before-column.
They just take a second.
So that one, which one do we want?
Auto is the default one.
break-inside-avoid-column, we'll
actually then be able to set it so
that it doesn't actually break
midway through the DOM node.
The images didn't have this problem cuz
there's no way that they can really break.
Text had this problem, but depending
on what you're trying to do, right?
So for instance, I a lot of times
will use something like this.
There was an earlier version of the course
website that I was playing around with
the layout.
Where, was I gonna put these underneath in
mobile or tablet view and then I wanted
to play with the columns and stuff like
that, but I didn't want them to break?
So if you want text,
the normal behavior is what you want.
But there are use cases where
maybe you want them to stay
as solid units and
just kinda break at the next one.
But whatever effect you're looking for,
those are all options and
some of them work with, as you saw before
when we had the different media queries.
One of them was for print,
stuff along those lines,
you can kind of play with
different things there as well.
But it's a super nice easy layout thing,
kinda like that space y and
space x that we saw in the very
beginning there, right?
Before you start grabbing a grid or
Flexbox,
will one of these very simple classes, cuz
they're actually wildly flexible unlike
a lot more of the edge cases and
some of the more powerful tools.
They don't do a lot but they kinda
do the right thing most of the time.
And they're pretty useful,
they might solve your problem for
you a lot faster as well.
And the only thing I will warn you about,
I could have said this a little bit
earlier, is with that regex you
just can't try to do anything
fancy with string interpolation.
Because of the regex
will never find it and
those classes will be cut
from your CSS bundle.
You can do stuff but
just don't get carried away.
Just make sure you keep the full
class name in there any given point.